Sunil Mohal
Sunil is a founding member of Ducis Management Consulting Private Limited. As an ITIL 4 Master, he has extensive industry experience supporting global organizations and customers worldwide. Championing service support and service delivery since the late 1980s, Sunil is based in Delhi, India.

Rajwardhan Purohit
Rajwardhan is a seasoned IT leader with over 30 years of global experience in the IT industry. He has successfully transformed IT delivery and managed capability across organizations like the British Council, Coforge, HCL Technologies, DXC, Infosys, and IBM. Rajwardhan is an ITIL 4 Maturity Model Assessor and Software Tools Auditor.

Deepak Kumar Das
Deepak's strengths lie in People-Skills Development. He has held senior positions in Talent Management and L&D for organizations such as HCL, Muthoot, Syntel, and Sutherland Global Services. With a strong background in Quality, Service Management, and Service Delivery, Deepak brings a great deal of passion to training delivery.

Thomas Komban
Thomas is a service and project management professional with extensive cross-industrial experience, including roles in organizations such as Maersk, CP Ships, Reed Elsevier, and HTC Global Services. He is an accredited trainer for ITIL and Prince2, with experience delivering to global audiences. Thomas is based in Chennai, India.

Ajai Srivastava
Ajai is an ISO champion with over 33 years of industry experience in senior management positions at companies like Philips, GE, Sanyo, and BSI. His expertise encompasses Quality, Risk Management, Information Security, and Business Continuity. Ajai is based in Delhi, India.

Vipin Bhardwaj
Vipin is a Senior Consultant and trainer par excellence, with expertise in IT Governance, ITSM, ISMS, and Project Management. With extensive experience in global companies like Infosys, Standard Chartered, and IBM, his skills include process audit, assessment, and GAP analysis. Vipin is based in Delhi-NCR, India.

Richa Thapliyal
Richa is an ITIL 4 Master with extensive practical service delivery experience across various service management tools. She has managed complex projects from both onshore and offshore locations in global organizations such as Ericsson and IBM. Richa has been delivering training for global audiences. Based in Delhi NCR

Tapti Chowdhry
Tapti is a trainer, consultant, and auditor specializing in ITIL v3 and ITIL 4. She is a lead auditor for ISO 27001 and has conducted training and audits across the globe for multiple organizations. Tapti is based in Bangalore, India.

Nirmalan Nagarajah
Nirmalan has extensive and diverse experience in the IT industry. He is a Chartered IT Professional (CITP) member of BCS (UK) and has served in several global professional societies like ISACA, CSSL, and FITIS. Nirmalan is also a visiting faculty member at universities in Australia and the US. He is an accredited trainer. Based in Sri Lanka

Dixon Karami
Dixon is an ITIL® accredited trainer with diverse consulting and training experience in East Africa. As a founding member of ItsMF East Africa, he has a deep passion for cloud, virtualization, IT security, Business Continuity, Digital Transformation, and IoT. Dixon is based in Nairobi, Kenya.

Daniel Gichuki
Daniel is an ITIL and Prince2 accredited trainer with 20 years of experience focusing on Project Management consultancy. He is a Microsoft Certified Trainer and has extensive experience in the CompTIA certification series. Daniel is based in Kampala, Uganda.

Rohinton Dumasia
Rohinton has over 40 years of experience in Enterprise Architecture, Information Systems Planning, Design, Operations, and Information Security. He has held senior CxO positions and conducted training and audits on QMS, ISMS, and more through TUV SUD South Asia, ISOQAR (India) Pvt. Ltd., Intertek, and TUV NORD. He is based out of Mumbai, India


Irfan Hidayat
Irfan Hidayat is a trainer and consultant, specializing in delivering modules of ITIL, ISO 20000, and Management System based on ISO9001. Irfan has extensive experience in implementing ITIL, ISO 20K, and ISO9001 in a multinational organization based in Jakarta. Irfan is based in Jakarta, Indonesia.
 
 
Tony Albert
Tony is a highly enthusiastic and result-oriented ITSM Consultant and Trainer with 33 years of broad industry experience with in-depth knowledge of ITIL 4 framework for the management of IT-enabled services and SDI Global Best Practice Standard for Service Desk.  He is based out of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
 
